that good leadership those guys the
older guys really embrace those things i
think in practice and our younger guys
kind of follow that you grew up well
again you know it's a big ten land in
the standings right now we're one on one
you know regardless of who it's against
you know that it helped us get a
one-on-one and that beats you all time
with being 0 and 2 but in terms of the
big ten beats John and it is pretty
special and it is I've said before I
finish myself every day my window looks
out on the baseball field you see the
University of Illinois on the scoreboard
lucky guy my family's not very far from
here we have been weird and my wife
doesn't mean tell because you hear me
look like half the time they involve you
know out there when I when the game was
over so that's pretty neat you know that
they get a share that experience because
they're so close so it's certainly a
privilege and you know it is special to
get an opportunity to coaching sleep
well obviously he Brandon alluded to it
and those guys are every day after
practice coach what's my sister turnover
ratio that first thing at home totally
they care they care they were perfect
today handle the ball I thought we got a
little bit loose with it at times easy
to do in shame and Scotty second the
country and steal percentage and then
crashed not too bad either stealing ball
no so you got two guys out there the
container ball so we got to clean those
up a little bit that's probably the next
part of his profession Jamal Walker has
done an incredible job with them you
know the first week of practice till now
it's amazing it's really similar than
Anna you know I've said all along I
think those two guys have a pretty high
ceiling and can keep it a little bit
better got to keep coaching them Tracy
once would be good as well Tracy's
competitive i think is best attribute is
this competitive toughest last person so
I thought about DJ the other night he
got a few to go down today what did it
feel like to see him have some success
philosophy for him he's another guy
little bit like now like no one else
playing for the state school he loves
Illinois perfect means something to him
he gets to put that uniform on he's a
great teammate be honest with you Marcus
I'll be honest tires are making a big
deal without his field he's going to
keep shooting cuz I'm gonna tell if it
keeps you though he defends plays the
other team's best I almost every night I
heard me what talks about that he
rebounds okay it's not like he's above
the rim athlete he screams he dies don't
loose balls and he plays and win and I'm
not trained them ok I love that kid next
question that's question anything else
alright
you
touchdown